update readme for Ember Octane (#140)
adopted-ember-addons/ember-notify: README.md

- Twitter Bootstrap: `<EmberNotify @messageStyle="bootstrap" />`
- Semantic-UI: `<EmberNotify @messageStyle="semantic-ui" />`
- UIKit: `<EmberNotify @messageStyle="uikit" />`

The CSS animations are inspired by CSS from [alertify.js](http://fabien-d.github.io/alertify.js/). You can also customize the positioning and animations by overriding the default `ember-notify` CSS class. For usage, see the [animations example](#custom-animations).

## Usage

1. Add `<EmberNotify />` to one of your templates, usually in `application.hbs`
2. Inject the `notify` service
3. Display messages using the `info`, `success`, `warning`, `alert` and `error` methods

### Examples

```js
import Component from '@glimmer/component';
import { inject as service } from '@ember/service';
import { action } from '@ember/object';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {
  @service notify;

  @action
  sayHello() {
    this.notify.info('Hello there!');
  }
}
```

By default the notifications close after 2.5 seconds, although you can control this in your template:

```handlebars
<EmberNotify @closeAfter={{4000}} />
```

Or you can control when each message is closed:

```js

> let message = this.notify.alert('You can control how long it's displayed', {

Reviewer: This is not valid `js` because there's a `i` in the sentence

Author: ```suggestion
let message = this.notify.alert('You can control how long it is displayed', {
```

### Multiple Containers

If you want to have separate notifications and control where they're inserted into the DOM you can have multiple `<EmberNotify />` components, but only one of them can be accessed using the injected service.
The others you will need to provide a `source` property, so secondary containers should be used as follows:

```hbs

> <EmberNotify @source={{someProperty}} />

Author: Haven't ever used that feature but if I got it right, this should be `{{this.alternativeNotify}}` to match the component JavaScript example, isn't it?

```suggestion
 <EmberNotify @source={{this.alternativeNotify}} />
```

Reviewer: Yes, you got it right

Two arguments are passed to the block: `message` object, and `close` action. Make sure
you are using *Closure Actions* syntax passing the action (e. g. `<a {{action close}}` or

> `<YourComponent @close={{action close}} />`.

Author: `this` binding should be done internally using `@action` decorator to drop that requirement and simplify to `<YourComponent @close={{close}} />`. But will leave that one for another PR.
